Document Otel endpoints for custom LangSmith deployments (#1845)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/run-workflows/observe/observe-workflow-with-langsmith.md

This setup enables tracing through LangSmith, with traces grouped into the `default` project.

> Optionally the `endpoint`, `resource_attributes` and `workspace_id` fields can be set as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following optional fields can also be set under `langsmith`:

- `endpoint`: The OTLP endpoint URL (see note below for custom deployments).
- `workspace_id`: Your LangSmith workspace ID. Falls back to the `LANGSMITH_WORKSPACE_ID` environment variable if not set.
- `resource_attributes`: A dictionary of key-value pairs to attach as resource attributes on exported spans.
```

Reviewer: The LangSmith exporter is missing this. Setting resource_attributes in config will be silently ignored. I'd suggest either: (a) fixing the exporter to forward resource_attributes (one-line change), or (b) removing resource_attributes from this doc until the code is fixed.

Same bug also affects the Langfuse and Patronus exporters.

:::{note}

> If you are using a custom deployment of LangSmith, you can specify the `endpoint` field under `langsmith`. Since under the hood NeMo Agent Toolkit uses an OpenTelemetry exporter to communicate with LangSmith the endpoint will be: `https://<your-langsmith-endpoint>/api/v1/otel/v1/traces`. Resulting in a configuration like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a custom deployment of LangSmith, you will need to set the `endpoint` field under `langsmith`. The official LangSmith service at `api.smith.langchain.com` has routing that maps `/otel/v1/traces` to its OTLP ingestion API directly. Custom deployments typically don't have this routing, so you need to specify the full path: `https://<your-langsmith-endpoint>/api/v1/otel/v1/traces`. For example:
```

Reviewer: This reads as if NAT constructs the endpoint URL for you. It doesn't. config.endpoint is passed straight through to OTLPSpanAdapterExporter with zero manipulation. The user has to provide the full URL themselves. The sentence should explain why the URL is different for custom deployments.
